feat(curriculum): add Block 24 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#60633)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-common-phrasal-verbs-and-idioms/6858ac4ea7958d5c9d938aa0.md

`Linda: Exactly, that should BLANK. Lastly, about phishing. Any thoughts on how we can educate users through the interface?`

`Jake: We could incorporate an interactive quiz during the BLANK. It could teach users how to recognize and handle potential phishing attempts.`

`Linda: That's an excellent suggestion. It's educational and BLANK. I'll draft some preliminary designs for these changes and send them over for your feedback.`

`Jake: Looking forward to it. Thanks for this, Linda. It's going to make a big difference in how users interact with our system securely.`

`Linda: Thanks, Jake. I appreciate your input.`

## --blanks--

`lead to`

### --feedback--

A phrasal verb. It begins with a verb, followed by a preposition. It indicates a cause-and-effect relationship.

---

`overlook`

### --feedback--

This is a single verb in base form, meaning to miss or fail to notice something.

---

`password recovery`

### --feedback--

A compound noun. It begins with a noun referring to authentication credentials, followed by a noun referring to the process of regaining access.

---

`suspicious activities`

### --feedback--

> This is a plural noun phrase. It begins with an adjective, followed by a plural noun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a plural noun phrase. Those are actions that seem strange or possibly dangerous and may need to be checked.
```

---

`grab their attention`

### --feedback--

> This phrase begins with a verb, followed by a possessive determiner, and then a noun. The verb means to capture quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This phrase begins with a verb, followed by a possessive determiner, and then a noun. It means to make someone notice or focus on something quickly.
```
